README.md, before:

NNNamedEntity
======
NNNamedEntity is a package for Named Entity Recognition using neural networks based on package LibN3L. It includes different combination of ***Neural network architectures*** (TNN, RNN, GatedNN, LSTM and GRNN) with ***Objective function***(sigmoid, CRF max-margin, CRF maximum likelihood). It also provides the capability of combination of ***Sparse feature*** with above models. In addition, this package can easily support various user-defined neural network structures.

Demo system
======
* Download [LibN3L](https://github.com/SUTDNLP/LibN3L) library and configure your system. Please refer to [Here](https://github.com/SUTDNLP/LibN3L)
* Open [CMakeLists.txt](CMakeLists.txt) and change " ../LibN3L/" into the directory of your [LibN3L](https://github.com/SUTDNLP/LibN3L) package.
* Run the [demo-entity.sh](demo-entity.sh) file: `sh demo-entity.sh`

The demo system includes English name entity recognition sample data(["Entity.train"](example/Entity.train), ["Entity.dev"](example/Entity.dev) and ["Entity.test"](example/Entity.test), English word embeding sample file(["sena.emb"](example/sena.emb) and parameter setting file(["demo.option"](example/demo.option). All of these files are gathered at folder [NNNamedEntity/example](example).
 
This demo system runs a ***SparseTNNCRFMLLabeler*** model which means a traditional neural network with sparse feature and use CRF maximun likelihood as the objective function. 

The demo system will create two files: "Entity.devOUTdemo" and "Entity.testOUTdemo" at [NNNamedEntity/example](example). These two files are the output tagged file for dev and test examples.

Feature format
======
Consider following sentence in [Entity.test](example/Entity.test):

`Foreign - invested enterprises have played a prominent role in improving China 's export commodity structure . ` 

The sample features for word `China` is 

`China [S]PoCNNP [S]PoBiLVBG.NNP [S]PoBiNNNP.POS [S]PoTrVBG.NNP.POS [S]WPCChina.NNP [S]UnCChina [S]UnLimproving [S]UnN's [S]CaC1 [S]CaL0 [S]CaN0 [S]CaCC1China [S]CaLC0China [S]CaNC0China [S]CaLL0improving [S]CaNN0's [S]ShC2111 [S]ShL1111 [S]ShN3133 [S]BShL11112111 [S]BShN21113133 [S]ConCnone [S]ConLnone [S]ConNnone [S]ConCaL0none [S]ConCaN0none [S]CaConL1none [S]BiLTin.improving [S]BiNT's.export [S]BiLimproving.China [S]BiNChina.'s [S]ClC301 [S]ClL448 [S]ClN181 [S]BClL448.301 [S]BClN301.181 [S]PrC0C [S]PrC1h [S]PrC2i [S]PrC3n [S]SuC0h [S]SuC1i [S]SuC2n [S]SuC3a [S]SuL0v [S]SuL1i [S]SuL2n [S]SuL3g [S]PrN0' [S]PrN1s [S]PrN2*N* [S]PrN3*N* [T]NNP B-GPE`

where

* The first word `China` means current word.
* Feature starts with `[S]` means sparse feature. For example, `[S]BiNChina.'s` can be divided as three part(`[S]+BiN+China.'s`): `[S]` represents sparse feature; `BiN` means this feature represents word bigram information for current word and next word; `China.'s` is the combination fo current word and next word. The `BiN` part can be replaced by any word except the same word in other features.
* Feature starts with "[T" are additional targets which need to be embedded. In our example, `[T]NNP` means the POS tagger information for each word will be embedded in our neural network. You can add other features which need to be embedded in following format `[T1]feature1 [T2]feature2`.
* The last tag `B-GPE` is the label for current word, it is used for model evaluation.


Monitoring information
=====
During the running of this NER system, it may print out the follow log information:

`Recall:	P=97/199=0.487437, Accuracy:	P=97/162=0.598765, Fmeasure:	0.537396`

`test:`

`Recall:	P=158/267=0.59176, Accuracy:	P=158/226=0.699115, Fmeasure:	0.640974`

`Exceeds best previous performance of 0.523161. Saving model file..`

The first "Recall..." line shows the performance of the dev set and the second "Recall..." line shows 
you the performance of the test set.

Commit message:

add intruction of example data

README.md, after:

NNNamedEntity
======
NNNamedEntity is a package for Named Entity Recognition using neural networks based on package LibN3L. It includes different combination of ***Neural network architectures*** (TNN, RNN, GatedNN, LSTM and GRNN) with ***Objective function***(sigmoid, CRF max-margin, CRF maximum likelihood). It also provides the capability of combination of ***Sparse feature*** with above models. In addition, this package can easily support various user-defined neural network structures.

Demo system
======
* Download [LibN3L](https://github.com/SUTDNLP/LibN3L) library and configure your system. Please refer to [Here](https://github.com/SUTDNLP/LibN3L)
* Open [CMakeLists.txt](CMakeLists.txt) and change " ../LibN3L/" into the directory of your [LibN3L](https://github.com/SUTDNLP/LibN3L) package.
* Run the [demo-entity.sh](demo-entity.sh) file: `sh demo-entity.sh`

The demo system includes English name entity recognition sample data(["Entity.train"](example/Entity.train), ["Entity.dev"](example/Entity.dev) and ["Entity.test"](example/Entity.test), English word embeding sample file(["sena.emb"](example/sena.emb) and parameter setting file(["demo.option"](example/demo.option). All of these files are gathered at folder [NNNamedEntity/example](example).
 
This demo system runs a ***SparseTNNCRFMLLabeler*** model which means a traditional neural network with sparse feature and use CRF maximun likelihood as the objective function. 

The demo system will create two files: "Entity.devOUTdemo" and "Entity.testOUTdemo" at [NNNamedEntity/example](example). These two files are the output tagged file for dev and test examples.

Note: the example files are just to verify the running for the code. For copyright consideration, we take only hundreds of sentences as example. Hence the results on those example datasets does not represent the real performance on large dataset.

Feature format
======
Consider following sentence in [Entity.test](example/Entity.test):

`Foreign - invested enterprises have played a prominent role in improving China 's export commodity structure . ` 

The sample features for word `China` is 

`China [S]PoCNNP [S]PoBiLVBG.NNP [S]PoBiNNNP.POS [S]PoTrVBG.NNP.POS [S]WPCChina.NNP [S]UnCChina [S]UnLimproving [S]UnN's [S]CaC1 [S]CaL0 [S]CaN0 [S]CaCC1China [S]CaLC0China [S]CaNC0China [S]CaLL0improving [S]CaNN0's [S]ShC2111 [S]ShL1111 [S]ShN3133 [S]BShL11112111 [S]BShN21113133 [S]ConCnone [S]ConLnone [S]ConNnone [S]ConCaL0none [S]ConCaN0none [S]CaConL1none [S]BiLTin.improving [S]BiNT's.export [S]BiLimproving.China [S]BiNChina.'s [S]ClC301 [S]ClL448 [S]ClN181 [S]BClL448.301 [S]BClN301.181 [S]PrC0C [S]PrC1h [S]PrC2i [S]PrC3n [S]SuC0h [S]SuC1i [S]SuC2n [S]SuC3a [S]SuL0v [S]SuL1i [S]SuL2n [S]SuL3g [S]PrN0' [S]PrN1s [S]PrN2*N* [S]PrN3*N* [T]NNP B-GPE`

where

* The first word `China` means current word.
* Feature starts with `[S]` means sparse feature. For example, `[S]BiNChina.'s` can be divided as three part(`[S]+BiN+China.'s`): `[S]` represents sparse feature; `BiN` means this feature represents word bigram information for current word and next word; `China.'s` is the combination fo current word and next word. The `BiN` part can be replaced by any word except the same word in other features.
* Feature starts with "[T" are additional targets which need to be embedded. In our example, `[T]NNP` means the POS tagger information for each word will be embedded in our neural network. You can add other features which need to be embedded in following format `[T1]feature1 [T2]feature2`.
* The last tag `B-GPE` is the label for current word, it is used for model evaluation.


Monitoring information
=====
During the running of this NER system, it may print out the follow log information:

`Recall:	P=97/199=0.487437, Accuracy:	P=97/162=0.598765, Fmeasure:	0.537396`

`test:`

`Recall:	P=158/267=0.59176, Accuracy:	P=158/226=0.699115, Fmeasure:	0.640974`

`Exceeds best previous performance of 0.523161. Saving model file..`

The first "Recall..." line shows the performance of the dev set and the second "Recall..." line shows 
you the performance of the test set.
